[TW-1107] CNX changes (#4782)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/getting-started/navigating-postman.md

For collections, folders and requests inside a collection, and requests in History, you can select more than one element at a time. Press and hold **⌘** or **Ctrl**, then select the desired elements. For elements that are next to each other, press and hold **Shift**, then select the desired elements. For collections and their contents, you can also use [keyboard shortcuts](/docs/getting-started/settings/#shortcuts) for tasks like copying, pasting, and deleting.

> You can select **New** in the sidebar to display multiple elements in a dialog. Select an element to create it in your workspace. You can also pin elements to the top of the dialog. To pin an element, hover over an element and select the pin element icon <img alt="Pin element icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-pin-element-v10.jpg#icon" width="17px">. To unpin an element, hover over the pinned element and deselect the pin element icon <img alt="Unpin element icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-unpin-element-icon-v10.jpg#icon" width="17px">.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select **New** in the sidebar to create requests, collections, APIs, and other common Postman elements. Select an element to create it in your workspace. You can also pin the elements you use most for easy access. To pin an element, hover over an element and select the pin element icon <img alt="Pin element icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-pin-element-v10.jpg#icon" width="17px">. To unpin an element, hover over the pinned element and deselect the pin element icon <img alt="Unpin element icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-unpin-element-icon-v10.jpg#icon" width="17px">.
```

Reviewer: Just an idea for how you might emphasize what the user is trying to do rather than the UI. Use if you wish, but no worries if not--it totally works as written 😄

Author: I like it! I'm going to add this in a separate commit with most of your suggestions. I considered adding "for easy access" earlier, but this returned a Vale rule instructing us not to. Thanks for your help!

Reviewer: Lol that's right. No easy or quick or the like! 😄
